TvShow Reference File
----------------------

tmdbId: 456
tvdbId: 71663
imdbId: tt0096697
tvmazeId: 
title: The Simpsons
showTitle: 
originalTitle: The Simpsons
sortTitle: 
overview:
    Set in Springfield, the average American town, the show focuses on the antics an
    d everyday adventures of the Simpson family; Homer, Marge, Bart, Lisa and Maggie
    , as well as a virtual cast of thousands. Since the beginning, the series has be
    en a pop culture icon, attracting hundreds of celebrities to guest star. The sho
    w has also made name for itself in its fearless satirical take on politics, medi
    a and American life in general.
ratings (N=1)
  source=themoviedb | rating=8 | votes=9000 | min=0 | max=10
userRating: 0
imdbTop250: 0
firstAired: 1989-12-17
runtime: 22min
genres: (N<6)
  - Family
  - Animation
  - Comedy
tags: (N>10)
  - nuclear power plant
  - middle class
  - cartoon
  - satire
  - parody
  - ... and >5 more
certification: TV-PG
networks: (N=1)
  - FOX
episodeGuideUrl: 
actors: (N>900)
 - id: 198
   name: Dan Castellaneta
   role: Homer Simpson / Abe Simpson / Barney Gumble / Krusty (voice)
   thumb: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/AmeqWhP4A46AWkM4kVphg6jOTQX.jpg
   order: 0
   imageHasChanged: false
 - id: 199
   name: Julie Kavner
   role: Marge Simpson / Patty Bouvier / Selma Bouvier (voice)
   thumb: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/xxiu7PC7RDOJmCuB6i81gEVrDQW.jpg
   order: 1
   imageHasChanged: false
 - id: 200
   name: Nancy Cartwright
   role: Bart Simpson / Nelson Muntz / Ralph Wiggum (voice)
   thumb: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/40qNhyYJhSE2Yiy4pnXSZhdufO6.jpg
   order: 2
   imageHasChanged: false
 - id: 5586
   name: Yeardley Smith
   role: Lisa Simpson (voice)
   thumb: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/9AjPwbb3uz4GfgOPBYsy2ILvwkB.jpg
   order: 3
   imageHasChanged: false
 - id: 5587
   name: Hank Azaria
   role: Moe Szyslak / Chief Wiggum / Apu / Comic Book Guy / Carl (voice)
   thumb: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/yFDw4b0jucuFWNnGcBPfpYUtn16.jpg
   order: 4
   imageHasChanged: false
 - id: 6008
   name: Harry Shearer
   role: Ned Flanders / Mr. Burns / Smithers / Skinner / Lenny (voice)
   thumb: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/7PnGZGVKJNDTUv3DkbaMEnCseT0.jpg
   order: 5
   imageHasChanged: false
 - id: 6009
   name: Pamela Hayden
   role:
    Milhouse (voice), Milhouse Van Houten (voice), Milhouse Van Houten / Jimbo Jones
     (voice), Employment Agent / Admitted Fraud #2 / Angry Woman (voice), Milhouse /
     Jimbo (voice), Rod Flanders (voice), Milhouse / Rod Flanders (voice), (voice), 
    Jimbo Jones (voice), Jimbo (voice), Milhouse Van Houten / Rod Flanders (voice), 
    Milhouse / Jimbo / Rod Flanders (voice), Milhouse Van Houten / Jimbo Jones / Rod
     Flanders (voice), Milhouse Van Houten / Janey Powell (voice), Milhouse Van Hout
    en / Rod Flanders / Jimbo Jones (voice), Additional Voices (voice), Janey / Boy 
    with Howie / Howie's Mother (voice), Jimbo / Rod Flanders (voice), Milhouse / Ji
    mbo / Janey / Kid / Bad Girl #2 (voice), Tortured People (voice), Brittany / Mer
    chandiser #1 (voice), Saultery Stevens (voice), Security Guard #1 (voice), Nurse
     (voice), Milhouse Van Houten / Janey (voice), Milhouse Van Houten / Wendell (vo
    ice), Lady (voice), International Operator / Tobias (voice), Milhouse Van Houten
     / Jimbo Jones / Sarah Wiggum (voice), Duff Girl #1 (voice), Straight-Edge Spuck
    ler (voice), Milhouse Van Houten / Moses / Kids (voice), Ladies (voice), People 
    at Therapy (voice), Lady of Missing Purse (voice), Milhouse Van Houten / Jimbo J
    ones / Boy in Commercial (voice), Angry Crowd (voice), Little Girl (voice), Milh
    ouse Van Houten / Bank Teller / Writer #4 (voice), Son #1 / Son #2 (voice), Milh
    ouse Van Houten / Jimbo Jones / Janey Powell (voice), Milhouse Van Houten / Jimb
    o Jones / Ham (voice), Milhouse Van Houten / Jimbo Jones / Radcliffe Sister (voi
    ce), Milhouse / Janey / Ex-Wife (voice), Laurie / Chimp Nurse (voice), Daycare C
    enter Office Lady (voice), Nancy (voice), Lard Lad Donuts Employee (voice), Sing
    ing Spucklers / Crowd Members (voice), Milhouse / Svetlana / Woman in Audience #
    2 (voice), Running Crowd (voice), Ruthie / Jimbo Jones (voice), 'He's got a gun!
    ' / Milhouse Van Houten / Sarah Wiggum (voice), Milhouse Van Houten / Jimbo Jone
    s / Kitten in Wheelchair (voice), Rod Flanders / Christmas Choir Singer (voice),
     Milhouse Van Houten / Jimbo Jones / Leslie Sky (voice), Milhouse Van Houten / J
    imbo Jones / Jane Russell (voice), Milhouse Van Houten / Jimbo Jones / Richard (
    voice), Milhouse Van Houten / Sarah Wiggum / Rod Flanders (voice), Milhouse / Ro
    d Flanders / Santa Woman (voice), Donnie (voice), Milhouse Van Houten / Director
     / Cheering Crowd (voice), Mediocroto (voice), Milhouse Van Houten / Boy (voice)
    , Milhouse Van Houten / Janey / Girl in Store #1 (voice), Woman in Crowd (voice)
    , Crowd Members (voice), Milhouse Van Houten / Rod Flanders / Maude Flanders (vo
    ice), Janey Powell / Improv Shakespeare Actress #1 / Cyclist (voice), Milhouse V
    an Houten / Janey / Jimbo (voice), Oats Crowd (voice), Milhouse / Psychiatrist (
    voice), Milhouse Van Houten / Children (voice), Buxom Coed (voice), Milhouse Van
     Houten / Janey Powell / Wendell (voice), Razzle Dazzle's Pizza-Tainment Palace 
    Children (voice), Milhouse Van Houten / Jimbo Jones / Prof. Stein (voice), Party
    goer (voice), Milhouse Van Houten / Sarah Wiggum (voice), Babies (voice), Milhou
    se / Applicant / Woman in Audience (voice), Milhouse / Ethan Foley / Boy (voice)
    , Gloria Prince (voice), People by Death Time (voice), Woman in Parking Lot (voi
    ce), Milhouse Van Houten / Milford Van Houten (voice), Milhouse / Janey / Dolph 
    (voice), Milhouse Van Houten / Mrs. Parkfield (voice), Milhouse / Announcer (voi
    ce), Sarah Wiggum (voice), Milhouse Van Houten / Janey Powell / Jimbo Jones (voi
    ce), Wendell (voice)
   thumb: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/mPMtuVB6AEulRhlfn69y5RvgmNT.jpg
   order: 6
   imageHasChanged: false
 - id: 34983
   name: Tress MacNeille
   role:
    Ms. Dare / Gwen / Homer's Cousin's Wife (voice), Agnes Skinner (voice), (voice),
     Dolph (voice), Shauna Chalmers (voice), Brandine Spuckler (voice), Ms. Muntz (v
    oice), Additional Voices (voice), Lady (voice), Dolph / Agnes Skinner (voice), A
    gnes Skinner / Dolph (voice), Doris (voice), Lunchlady Dora / Female Audience Me
    mber (voice), Dolph Shapiro / Shauna Chalmers (voice), Lewis (voice), Irish Moth
    er / Female Announcer / Christmas Choir Singer (voice), Allison Taylor / Shauna 
    (voice), Lindsay Naegle / Manjula / Lunchlady Doris / Cookie Kwan (voice), Herst
    ory Narrator (voice), Mrs. Muntz / Dolph Starbeam (voice), Dolph / Shauna Chalme
    rs (voice), Gavin / Saleswoman (voice), DMV Worker (voice), Dolph / Miss Springf
    ield (voice), Female Cartoonist (voice), Agnes Skinner / Zoe Burwell / Dolph Sta
    rbeam (voice), Lunchlady Doris / Waverly Hills Student (voice), Librarian (voice
    ), Baseball Player (voice), Female Doctor (voice), Woman in the Theater / Writer
     #2 (voice), Crazy Cat Lady / Anoop Nahasapeemapetilon (voice), Mrs. Vanderbilt 
    (voice), Ms. Muntz / Mrs. Bad Halloween Candy / Shauna Chalmers (voice), Headles
    s Malibu Stacy / Dolph Starbeam / Hansel (voice), Crazy Cat Lady / Agnes Skinner
     (voice), Agnes Skinner / Adil Hoxha / Airport Announcer (voice), Mabel (voice),
     Dolph / Heavy Black Woman / Kumiko (voice), Girl in Commercial (voice), Dolph /
     Swimming Instructor (voice), Crazy Cat Lady / Professor Hessler / People at The
    rapy (voice), Audience Member (voice), Sherri / Terri / Water Girl / Psychologis
    t #3 (voice), Crazy Cat Lady / Bernice Hibbert / Dolph (voice), Cora (voice), Th
    e Wizard Twins / Dolph (voice), Fan #1 (voice), Shauna Chalmers / Crazy Cat Lady
    , Brandine Spuckler / Ms. York (voice), Elevator Voice / Agnes Skinner / Plopper
     (voice), Old Timey Newsboy (voice), Dolph / Agnes Skinner / Adult Maggie Simpso
    n (voice), Woman in Film / Betsy Ross / Mrs. Glick (voice), Tour Guide / Female 
    Baker / Running Crowd (voice), Lindsey Naegle / Amazon Alexa (voice), Miss Sprin
    gfield / Martha / Tracey (voice), Mrs. Muntz / Crazy Cat Lady / Dr. Hibbert's Au
     Pair (voice), Voice on Radio / Brandine / Dolph / Shoquelle (voice), Miss Pomme
    lhorst / Dolph / Agnes Skinner (voice), Miles Wife / Additional Voices (voice), 
    Bad Girl #1 (voice), Martha the Librarian (voice), Pharmacist (voice), Dolph / B
    randine / Miss Springfield / Crazy Cat Lady (voice), Think God I'm Dead Lady / C
    rowd Members (voice), Face Mask Specialist / Children (voice), Facial Recognitio
    n Interface (voice), Slimu Host / Agnes Skinner (voice), Plaintiff / Lindsey Nae
    gle / Teacher (voice), Lady in Audience (voice), Luigi's Mother (voice), Mother 
    (voice), Crazy Cat Lady (voice), Female Narrator (voice), Dolph / Lindsey Naegle
     (voice), Beatrice / Sylvia / Dolph (voice), Various Kids (voice), Canadian Teac
    her (voice), Woman in Crowd (voice), Mrs. Chase (voice), Dolph / Glasses Voice /
     Boy With Shades (voice), Milly / Don's Secretary (voice), Dolph / Cuddle Kitten
     NFT Leader (voice), Sondra / Lunchlady Doris (voice), Crazy Cat Lady / Shauna C
    halmers (voice), David / Female Robot / Witch / Agnes Skinner (voice), Brandine 
    Del Roy / Plopper / Dubya Spuckler (voice), Gary the Unicorn / Kids / Crowd (voi
    ce), Nurse / Mrs. Burns / Alexa / Wendy / Cheering Crowd (voice), Kaitlyn (voice
    ), Lewis / Nurse (voice), Little Bo Peep (voice), Amy Levine Gonzalez (voice), B
    oy in Blockoland Commercial / Aide (voice), Shauna Chalmers /Brandine Spuckler /
     Crazy Cat Lady (voice), Pig-Pen Boy / Dolph / Elementary Boy (voice), Dolph / W
    oman at Meeting Hall (voice), Agnes Skinner / Shauna Chalmers (voice), Socialite
     / Pie Woman (voice), Max's Widow / Opal / Dolph (voice), Agnes Skinner / Crazy 
    Cat Lady / Alice Glick (voice), Bernice Hibbert / Agnes Skinner / Carla Bruni-Sa
    rkozy (voice), Cookie Kwan (voice), Agnes Skinner / Brandine / Mrs. Glick (voice
    ), Crabs / Additional Voices (voice), Juliana Krellner / Lindsey Naegle / Dolph 
    (voice), Moira (voice), Cookie Kwan / Sassy Black Woman / Pigs (voice), Tintin /
     Dolph / Agnes Skinner (voice), Agnes Skinner / Mrs. Fornby / Flight Attendent (
    voice), Old Lady / Jimi Hendrix's Agent (voice), Mrs. Muntz (voice), Little Boy 
    / Paris Texan / Mayor Quimby's Mother (voice), Krusty's Agent / Holly Hippie (vo
    ice), Greta Wolfcastle / Mopey Mary (voice), Hazel (voice), Comic Book Lady (voi
    ce), Jeremy (voice), Dolph Starbeam / Emily / Mermaid (voice), Agnes Skinner / M
    rs. Glick (voice), Lunchlady Doris (voice), Nelson's Mother / Agnes Skinner / Gi
    rl in Store #2 (voice), Brunella Pommelhorst (voice), Lindsey Naegle / German Wo
    man (voice), Crazy Cat Lady / Linda / Agnes Skinner (voice), Maya / Waitress / B
    aseball Player (voice), Sandra (voice), GameStation 252 / Female Activists (voic
    e), Dolph Starbeam / Cassandra Patters / Random Childon (voice), Henry's Wife (v
    oice), Eloise / Maya Angelou / Woman at Festival (voice), Mrs. Muntz / Myra / Va
    rious (voice), Agnes Skinner / Old Lady / Golfers (voice), Creepy Little Girl / 
    Committe Chairwoman (voice), Power Plant System (voice), Dolph / Lindsey / Fizix
     (voice), Dolph / Madison (voice), Cookie Kwan / Caitlin (voice), Agnes Skinner 
    / Doris (voice), Kumiko Nakamura / News Reporter / Dolph / Wendell Borton (voice
    ), Ndnd / Linda Van Schoonhoven (voice), Children (voice), Ms. Mints (voice), Ms
    . Albright / Churchgoer / Jimbo (voice), Dolph Starbeam / Therapy Children (voic
    e), Dolph Starbeam (voice), Brunella Pommelhorst / Doris (voice), Dr. Spivak's M
    other (voice), Nurse (voice), .	Dolph / Zombie Bride / Krusty's Agent (voice), A
    gnes Skinner / Shauna Chalmers /Brandine Spuckler (voice), Lindsey Naegle (voice
    )
   thumb: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/gI2LsgByvSffQY34vabVnPmrHzw.jpg
   order: 7
   imageHasChanged: false
 - id: 6036
   name: Marcia Wallace
   role: Edna Krabappel (voice), Edna Krabappel / Ms. Melon (voice), Crowd (voice)
   thumb: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/bDCnZlPdUOyeQN0ewvoEjadBr9V.jpg
   order: 8
   imageHasChanged: false
 - id: 6007
   name: Maggie Roswell
   role:
    Maude Flanders (voice), Luann Van Houten (voice), Helen Lovejoy (voice), Helen L
    ovejoy / Luann Van Houten (voice), Elizabeth Hoover (voice), Miss Hoover (voice)
    , Helen Lovejoy / Elizabeth Hoover (voice), Luann Van Houten / Helen Lovejoy (vo
    ice), Elizabeth Hoover / Luann Van Houten (voice), Helen Lovejoy / Elizabeth Hoo
    ver / Luann Van Houten (voice), Maude Flanders #1 (voice), Miss Hoover / Fortune
     Teller / Librarian #1 (voice), Princess Kashmir / Fe-Mail-Man / Churchgoer (voi
    ce), Canadian Wife / Maude Flanders (voice), Luann Van Houten / Maude Flanders (
    voice), Emma (voice), Elizabeth Hoover / Gov. Mary Bailey (voice), Poet Writers 
    (voice), Camper #2 / Reporter (voice), Maude Flanders / Helen Lovejoy (voice), G
    avin's Mom / Miss Hoover / Helen Lovejoy (voice), Clarice (voice), New England C
    hurch Members (voice), Gov. Mary Bailey (voice), Strawberry (voice), Mother #1 /
     Daughter / Mother in Monroe ad (voice), Miss Hoover / Mrs. Winfield (voice), Lu
    ann Van Houten / Gavin's Mom (voice), Helen Lovejoy / Institute Council Member #
    3 (voice), Miss Hoover / Helen Lovejoy (voice), Elizabeth Hoover / Helen Lovejoy
     / Luann Van Houten (voice), Helen Lovejoy / Singing Waiters (voice)
   thumb: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/pLdSmH5HZYSwTd3aiPlZLbNzvPD.jpg
   order: 9
   imageHasChanged: false
 - id: 1216346
   name: Chris Edgerly
   role:
    Viking Masseuse / Admitted Fraud #1 / Admitted Fraud #4 (voice), (voice), Additi
    onal Voices (voice), Tucker Carlson (voice), The Detonator (voice), Guys (voice)
    , Choir Singer (voice), Michael Phelps (voice), Audience Members (voice), Spring
    field Retirement Home Receptionist (voice), Boat Owner / Neighborhood Meeting No
    tification (voice), Leonardo DiCaprio / British Homer / Running Crowd (voice), B
    eyond Bullying Professor (voice), Parrot / Marlin (voice), Scotus Szyslak (voice
    ), Don (voice), Mark Zuckerberg / Man in Prison / Male Audience Member (voice), 
    Squirrel (voice), Nutz Therapist (voice), Trump Voter (voice), Commercial Guy at
     the Beach / Award Man (voice), People in Crowd (voice), Uber Hombre / Scarlet P
    impernel (voice), Hotel Roommate (voice), Christmas Choir Singer (voice), FBI Ag
    ent (voice), Amphibian Man (voice), Jim (voice), Flexulon / Hallucination Otto (
    voice), First Thanksgiving Celebrators (voice), Bowling Alley Manager (voice), L
    aughing Crowd (voice), Santa Claus (voice), Miles / Gustavo Dudamel (voice), Whi
    te Co-Worker (voice), Librarian (voice), Burning Trombone Player (voice), Promis
    e Keeper (voice), Suited Employees (voice), George Harrison / Coal Manager (voic
    e), Doctor (voice), Male Audience Member #3 (voice), Think God I'm Dead Guy / Cr
    owd Members (voice), Dynamic Bodymaker (voice), Crowd Members (voice), Jimmy Kis
    sass (voice), Record Employee / Angry Crowd (voice), Actor Playing Homer (voice)
    , Roger Stone / Jack-in-the-Box (voice), Hobbit (voice), What This Crazy Place I
    s Narrator (voice), Male Doctor (voice), Mountain Climber (voice), Bernie Sander
    s / Famous Ray (voice), Weinstein (voice), Veteran / Bartender / Pig / Cyclist /
     Injured Person (voice), Helicopter Man #2 (voice), William Shakespeare (voice),
     People at Therapy (voice), Customer (voice), Religious Guy / Golfers (voice), P
    assenger / Boba Fett (voice), Stan Laurel (voice)
   thumb: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/bjkN9Ugv6Kd3Z3y9p9DgWAc10Q7.jpg
   order: 10
   imageHasChanged: false
 - id: 6035
   name: Russi Taylor
   role:
    Martin Prince (voice), Martin Prince / Sherri / Terri (voice), Uter (voice), Add
    itional Voices (voice), Sherri / Martin Prince (voice), Martin Prince / Sherri (
    voice), Martin / Sherri / Terri / Mother (voice), Sherri (voice), Wendell / Sher
    ri / Terri / Lewis / Martin (voice), Martin Prince / Mount Holyoke Sister / Vass
    ar Sister (voice), Martin Prince / Sherri / Terri / Sisters (voice), Martin / Si
    dney Swift / Ian (voice), Sherri / Terri / Inanimate Carbon Rod #1 / Mrs. Winfie
    ld (voice), Martin Prince / Uter (voice), Sherri / Terri (voice), Martin Prince 
    / Beezee (voice), Sherri / Ron Howard's Son (voice), Martin Prince / Sherri / Te
    rri / Uter (voice), Sushi (voice), Martin Prince / Wendell (voice), Billy (voice
    ), Martin Prince / Various Students (voice), Martin / Sherri / Kids (voice), Gum
    my Sue (voice), Martin Prince / Wendell / Sherri / Terri (voice)
   thumb: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/r79GVF7LyBExJP7cRMob8QQZ6IU.jpg
   order: 11
   imageHasChanged: false
 - id: 24362
   name: Kevin Michael Richardson
   role:
    Dr. Hibbert (voice), Narrator (voice), Jay G (voice), (voice), Mark (voice), Deu
    ce, Michael (voice), 'The Ballad of John Homer' singer (voice), Fats (voice), Co
    nductor (voice), Anger Watkins / Lewis (voice), Mr. Orlando / Mr. McBride (voice
    ), Devil Moe (voice), Louie Armstrong (voice), Dr. Hibbert / TSA Leader (voice),
     Cyclist (voice), Wakkety Yak / The Shipper (voice), Jamaican Krusty (voice), Se
    ndEx Employee (voice), Security Guard / Burns' Cellmate / Various Voices (voice)
    , Security Guard / Puppy Goo-Goo (voice), Prison Inmate (voice), Nigerian King (
    voice), Ghanaian Man (voice), Chester (voice), Jed Hawk (voice), Party Guest (vo
    ice), Film Student #2 (voice), Dave Chappelle (voice), Jelly Monster (voice), Ap
    ology Instructor (voice), Demogorgon / Demogorgon Flanders (voice), Cop with a S
    ecret (voice), Distributed Ledger / People at Therapy (voice), Jimi Hendrix (voi
    ce), Security Guard (voice), Azzlan / Icewalker (voice), Co-Pilot (voice), Tupac
     Shakur (voice), Turtle NFT (voice), FBI Agent (voice), Preacher Mac (voice), Re
    tirement Castle Orderly (voice), Dr. Hibbert / Bleeding Gums Murphy (voice), Gro
    ot (voice), Pazuzu (voice), Black Singer / Crowd Members (voice), Mac Tonight (v
    oice), Dr. Hibbert / Shaquille O'Neal (voice), Prison Guard (voice), Albert (voi
    ce), Dr. Hibbert / Lead Church Singer (voice), Burns' Cellmate (voice), Knight /
     Marvel Fan (voice), Oliver Hardy (voice), Rich Texan Accountant (voice), Sonny 
    Go-along (voice), Police Guard / Security Guard (voice), Envelope (voice), Black
     Voodoo / Moby Man (voice), Security guard (voice)
   thumb: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/xXt9Nh7RAT5bOen66TaXreNYmCl.jpg
   order: 12
   imageHasChanged: false
 - id: 14104
   name: Phil Hartman
   role:
    Troy McClure (voice), Lionel Hutz (voice), Lionel Hutz / Troy McClure (voice), T
    roy McClure / Lionel Hutz (voice), Lyle Lanley (voice), Troy McClure / Joey / Go
    dfather / Lionel Hutz (voice), Troy McClure / Fat Tony (voice), Charlton Heston 
    (voice), Troy McClure / Jimmy Apollo (voice), Stockbroker / Horst (voice), Tom /
     Nelson's Dad / Football Commentator / Announcer (voice), Evan Conover (voice), 
    Lionel Hutz / Hospital Chairman (voice)
   thumb: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/m3QyeaVLzIo2fZJZaGbJalfD56t.jpg
   order: 13
   imageHasChanged: false
 - id: 3266
   name: Joe Mantegna
   role: Fat Tony (voice), Fit-Fat Tony (voice), Gordus Antonius (voice)
   thumb: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/4jzvAE6B1eoiZDUnDUuMazirCPP.jpg
   order: 14
   imageHasChanged: false
 - id: 110141
   name: Alex Désert
   role:
    Carl Carlson (voice), Lou (voice), Carl Carlson / Lou (voice), Audrey II (voice)
    , Carl Carlson/Fausto (voice)
   thumb: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/iz5fLxrOTKYUkpUmGXgVfCfIZxn.jpg
   order: 15
   imageHasChanged: false
 - id: 156910
   name: Karl Wiedergott
   role:
    Additional Voices (voice), Rick (voice), Cap'n Crunch / Trix Rabbit (voice), Wre
    stling Announcer / 'We broke even!' (voice), Groundhog / Egyptian / Guard #2 / C
    rowd (voice), New England Church Members (voice), Poet Writers (voice), Stage Ma
    nager (voice), Citizen Worker / Editor / Partygoer (voice), Garbage Man (voice),
     Psychologist #2 (voice), Master of Ceremonies (voice), Legs (voice), Bum #1 / J
    etskier #3 (voice), Caleb (voice), Howell Huser (voice), Prisoners / Burns' Firs
    t Cellmate (voice), Happy Little Elf #2 (voice), Spooked Soldier / Legs (voice),
     Interviewer (voice), Mr. Monopoly / Woody Allen (voice), Writer #1 / Writer #3 
    (voice), Man (voice), Wolf 1 (voice), Attendant (voice), I'm afraid (voice), (vo
    ice), Delivery Man (voice), Groundskeeper Seamus (voice)
   thumb: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/r5alSYfltRGa6m8eUT1CuGur2YE.jpg
   order: 16
   imageHasChanged: false
 - id: 15761
   name: Grey DeLisle
   role:
    Martin Prince (voice), Sherri / Terri (voice), Sherri / Terri / Martin Prince (v
    oice), (voice), Martin Prince / Young Woman (voice), Martin / Martin's Brother (
    voice), Terri / Sherri / Martin Prince (voice), Riley (voice), Terri (voice), Gl
    oria Prince / Martin Prince (voice), Leland Huebner III (voice)
   thumb: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/vrUHaXe1pG56yZkgH7Hs3LGRLTT.jpg
   order: 17
   imageHasChanged: false
 - id: 7090
   name: Kelsey Grammer
   role: Sideshow Bob (voice)
   thumb: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/cjUCogoFRnFKAgeyRmGGpekz0TF.jpg
   order: 18
   imageHasChanged: false
 - id: 34521
   name: Maurice LaMarche
   role:
    Orson Welles (voice), (voice), Billy / Oceanographer (voice), Commander McBragg 
    (voice), Fox announcer / Chinese #1 / Chinese #4 / Leprechaun (voice), Harvest F
    est Worker (voice), City Inspector (voice), Milo (voice), Recruiter #2 / Cap'n C
    runch (voice), Gate Guard #1 (voice), Chef Naziwa / Marlon Brando (voice), Addit
    ional Voices (voice), Vincent Price (voice), Eudora Welty / George C. Scott (voi
    ce), Screaming Cop (voice), Admiral Crunchy (voice), Hedonismbot Cosplayer (voic
    e), Starsky / Hutch (voice), Jock #2 (voice), Erman Millwood (voice), Morbo / He
    donismbot / Lrrr (voice)
   thumb: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/qCiL3EYAhLcNo0rNj5pczWo9MwG.jpg
   order: 19
   imageHasChanged: false
  - ... and >800 more
posters: (N=1)
  - id: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/vHqeLzYl3dEAutojCO26g0LIkom.jpg
    originalUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/vHqeLzYl3dEAutojCO26g0LIkom.jpg
    thumbUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/vHqeLzYl3dEAutojCO26g0LIkom.jpg
    originalSize: h=-1 w=-1
    language: 
    hint: 
    aspect: 
    season: SeasonNumber=xx
backdrops: (N=1)
  - id: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/pxeqQX4qFQ0cVxPt5SWZENV5BH3.jpg
    originalUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/pxeqQX4qFQ0cVxPt5SWZENV5BH3.jpg
    thumbUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/pxeqQX4qFQ0cVxPt5SWZENV5BH3.jpg
    originalSize: h=-1 w=-1
    language: 
    hint: 
    aspect: 
    season: SeasonNumber=xx
banners: (N=0)
seasonPoster S00: (N=1)
  - id: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/oICoFoPJuEk5VJbEP2HYLEmEQi3.jpg
    originalUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/oICoFoPJuEk5VJbEP2HYLEmEQi3.jpg
    thumbUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/oICoFoPJuEk5VJbEP2HYLEmEQi3.jpg
    originalSize: h=-1 w=-1
    language: 
    hint: 
    aspect: 
    season: SeasonNumber=xx
seasonPoster S01: (N=1)
  - id: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/t544zSFUNyvmyeP4sHotlcEX3zH.jpg
    originalUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/t544zSFUNyvmyeP4sHotlcEX3zH.jpg
    thumbUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/t544zSFUNyvmyeP4sHotlcEX3zH.jpg
    originalSize: h=-1 w=-1
    language: 
    hint: 
    aspect: 
    season: SeasonNumber=xx
seasonPoster S02: (N=1)
  - id: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/bRyDlUQQafSoIT052jpjLBMe8TH.jpg
    originalUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/bRyDlUQQafSoIT052jpjLBMe8TH.jpg
    thumbUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/bRyDlUQQafSoIT052jpjLBMe8TH.jpg
    originalSize: h=-1 w=-1
    language: 
    hint: 
    aspect: 
    season: SeasonNumber=xx
seasonPoster S03: (N=1)
  - id: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/9ghmIhWJJuTx3UHyfVVBXQoUGvI.jpg
    originalUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/9ghmIhWJJuTx3UHyfVVBXQoUGvI.jpg
    thumbUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/9ghmIhWJJuTx3UHyfVVBXQoUGvI.jpg
    originalSize: h=-1 w=-1
    language: 
    hint: 
    aspect: 
    season: SeasonNumber=xx
seasonPoster S04: (N=1)
  - id: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/voqu5a4drV1CXMjjZ0Mkw35n26l.jpg
    originalUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/voqu5a4drV1CXMjjZ0Mkw35n26l.jpg
    thumbUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/voqu5a4drV1CXMjjZ0Mkw35n26l.jpg
    originalSize: h=-1 w=-1
    language: 
    hint: 
    aspect: 
    season: SeasonNumber=xx
seasonPoster S05: (N=1)
  - id: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/9O7tIcS2KZk1ukMq3aOvoj8KIJZ.jpg
    originalUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/9O7tIcS2KZk1ukMq3aOvoj8KIJZ.jpg
    thumbUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/9O7tIcS2KZk1ukMq3aOvoj8KIJZ.jpg
    originalSize: h=-1 w=-1
    language: 
    hint: 
    aspect: 
    season: SeasonNumber=xx
seasonPoster S06: (N=1)
  - id: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/qD20BnTxIdF1rcnX4BARmFshzKA.jpg
    originalUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/qD20BnTxIdF1rcnX4BARmFshzKA.jpg
    thumbUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/qD20BnTxIdF1rcnX4BARmFshzKA.jpg
    originalSize: h=-1 w=-1
    language: 
    hint: 
    aspect: 
    season: SeasonNumber=xx
seasonPoster S07: (N=1)
  - id: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/blCeZS6BmN3wwmF40fuCZSeFwbB.jpg
    originalUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/blCeZS6BmN3wwmF40fuCZSeFwbB.jpg
    thumbUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/blCeZS6BmN3wwmF40fuCZSeFwbB.jpg
    originalSize: h=-1 w=-1
    language: 
    hint: 
    aspect: 
    season: SeasonNumber=xx
seasonPoster S08: (N=1)
  - id: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/xLebCxRHSwXBW39a4OLmMSGChLs.jpg
    originalUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/xLebCxRHSwXBW39a4OLmMSGChLs.jpg
    thumbUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/xLebCxRHSwXBW39a4OLmMSGChLs.jpg
    originalSize: h=-1 w=-1
    language: 
    hint: 
    aspect: 
    season: SeasonNumber=xx
seasonPoster S09: (N=1)
  - id: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/6PTYyLD8bSiNZf1PFdCQ9JyiIFW.jpg
    originalUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/6PTYyLD8bSiNZf1PFdCQ9JyiIFW.jpg
    thumbUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/6PTYyLD8bSiNZf1PFdCQ9JyiIFW.jpg
    originalSize: h=-1 w=-1
    language: 
    hint: 
    aspect: 
    season: SeasonNumber=xx
seasonPoster S10: (N=1)
  - id: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/A77xKuxA13aXA1mQd6YLAaTIErK.jpg
    originalUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/A77xKuxA13aXA1mQd6YLAaTIErK.jpg
    thumbUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/A77xKuxA13aXA1mQd6YLAaTIErK.jpg
    originalSize: h=-1 w=-1
    language: 
    hint: 
    aspect: 
    season: SeasonNumber=xx
seasonPoster S11: (N=1)
  - id: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/7lgnlOENoCdub15UijLKTHawyhm.jpg
    originalUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/7lgnlOENoCdub15UijLKTHawyhm.jpg
    thumbUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/7lgnlOENoCdub15UijLKTHawyhm.jpg
    originalSize: h=-1 w=-1
    language: 
    hint: 
    aspect: 
    season: SeasonNumber=xx
seasonPoster S12: (N=1)
  - id: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/jfxiyjRLoQq9LavlFNRBgjuweg5.jpg
    originalUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/jfxiyjRLoQq9LavlFNRBgjuweg5.jpg
    thumbUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/jfxiyjRLoQq9LavlFNRBgjuweg5.jpg
    originalSize: h=-1 w=-1
    language: 
    hint: 
    aspect: 
    season: SeasonNumber=xx
seasonPoster S13: (N=1)
  - id: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/xflc3aV1SbP2bGeZNuu4AG6cIqH.jpg
    originalUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/xflc3aV1SbP2bGeZNuu4AG6cIqH.jpg
    thumbUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/xflc3aV1SbP2bGeZNuu4AG6cIqH.jpg
    originalSize: h=-1 w=-1
    language: 
    hint: 
    aspect: 
    season: SeasonNumber=xx
seasonPoster S14: (N=1)
  - id: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/9IowK57TpeO09D4B46jd4J3wjPO.jpg
    originalUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/9IowK57TpeO09D4B46jd4J3wjPO.jpg
    thumbUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/9IowK57TpeO09D4B46jd4J3wjPO.jpg
    originalSize: h=-1 w=-1
    language: 
    hint: 
    aspect: 
    season: SeasonNumber=xx
seasonPoster S15: (N=1)
  - id: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/bmMwmEfwmziKzWP2jiU0GMw8yKd.jpg
    originalUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/bmMwmEfwmziKzWP2jiU0GMw8yKd.jpg
    thumbUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/bmMwmEfwmziKzWP2jiU0GMw8yKd.jpg
    originalSize: h=-1 w=-1
    language: 
    hint: 
    aspect: 
    season: SeasonNumber=xx
seasonPoster S16: (N=1)
  - id: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/ifjiG1gHGRyYmNDWRb9Ul9VCfEn.jpg
    originalUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/ifjiG1gHGRyYmNDWRb9Ul9VCfEn.jpg
    thumbUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/ifjiG1gHGRyYmNDWRb9Ul9VCfEn.jpg
    originalSize: h=-1 w=-1
    language: 
    hint: 
    aspect: 
    season: SeasonNumber=xx
seasonPoster S17: (N=1)
  - id: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/evIWfK3hKFIExETjv6L2YS9J8fw.jpg
    originalUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/evIWfK3hKFIExETjv6L2YS9J8fw.jpg
    thumbUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/evIWfK3hKFIExETjv6L2YS9J8fw.jpg
    originalSize: h=-1 w=-1
    language: 
    hint: 
    aspect: 
    season: SeasonNumber=xx
seasonPoster S18: (N=1)
  - id: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/kwb8AZAHyhn96dzn17mtTV3l8dl.jpg
    originalUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/kwb8AZAHyhn96dzn17mtTV3l8dl.jpg
    thumbUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/kwb8AZAHyhn96dzn17mtTV3l8dl.jpg
    originalSize: h=-1 w=-1
    language: 
    hint: 
    aspect: 
    season: SeasonNumber=xx
seasonPoster S19: (N=1)
  - id: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/nLKZJ1ozVvYFtaOynzkShE8wN4k.jpg
    originalUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/nLKZJ1ozVvYFtaOynzkShE8wN4k.jpg
    thumbUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/nLKZJ1ozVvYFtaOynzkShE8wN4k.jpg
    originalSize: h=-1 w=-1
    language: 
    hint: 
    aspect: 
    season: SeasonNumber=xx
seasonPoster S20: (N=1)
  - id: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/2CUdLX4K8fMlcdVPHUbciTYt4ri.jpg
    originalUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/2CUdLX4K8fMlcdVPHUbciTYt4ri.jpg
    thumbUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/2CUdLX4K8fMlcdVPHUbciTYt4ri.jpg
    originalSize: h=-1 w=-1
    language: 
    hint: 
    aspect: 
    season: SeasonNumber=xx
seasonPoster S21: (N=1)
  - id: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/fEykf9XN4Cn5tJ17pOD2PObdjoc.jpg
    originalUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/fEykf9XN4Cn5tJ17pOD2PObdjoc.jpg
    thumbUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/fEykf9XN4Cn5tJ17pOD2PObdjoc.jpg
    originalSize: h=-1 w=-1
    language: 
    hint: 
    aspect: 
    season: SeasonNumber=xx
seasonPoster S22: (N=1)
  - id: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/xUZeYO9NPkmXCcuRrr8PgXzk2Qd.jpg
    originalUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/xUZeYO9NPkmXCcuRrr8PgXzk2Qd.jpg
    thumbUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/xUZeYO9NPkmXCcuRrr8PgXzk2Qd.jpg
    originalSize: h=-1 w=-1
    language: 
    hint: 
    aspect: 
    season: SeasonNumber=xx
seasonPoster S23: (N=1)
  - id: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/wlQnKb3pHBxtMivCjcvM8TDpBbv.jpg
    originalUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/wlQnKb3pHBxtMivCjcvM8TDpBbv.jpg
    thumbUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/wlQnKb3pHBxtMivCjcvM8TDpBbv.jpg
    originalSize: h=-1 w=-1
    language: 
    hint: 
    aspect: 
    season: SeasonNumber=xx
seasonPoster S24: (N=1)
  - id: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/qGPFl3X6ukZ6fBQRiLxueLWQh9y.jpg
    originalUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/qGPFl3X6ukZ6fBQRiLxueLWQh9y.jpg
    thumbUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/qGPFl3X6ukZ6fBQRiLxueLWQh9y.jpg
    originalSize: h=-1 w=-1
    language: 
    hint: 
    aspect: 
    season: SeasonNumber=xx
seasonPoster S25: (N=1)
  - id: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/iwlh2yoia66MCaZEqybsLSt3OHa.jpg
    originalUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/iwlh2yoia66MCaZEqybsLSt3OHa.jpg
    thumbUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/iwlh2yoia66MCaZEqybsLSt3OHa.jpg
    originalSize: h=-1 w=-1
    language: 
    hint: 
    aspect: 
    season: SeasonNumber=xx
seasonPoster S26: (N=1)
  - id: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/9bGpb3vWygBogXpQBnTodFWaQte.jpg
    originalUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/9bGpb3vWygBogXpQBnTodFWaQte.jpg
    thumbUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/9bGpb3vWygBogXpQBnTodFWaQte.jpg
    originalSize: h=-1 w=-1
    language: 
    hint: 
    aspect: 
    season: SeasonNumber=xx
seasonPoster S27: (N=1)
  - id: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/aw26dkO0PnxD0EfYWXCMUQLFNbI.jpg
    originalUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/aw26dkO0PnxD0EfYWXCMUQLFNbI.jpg
    thumbUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/aw26dkO0PnxD0EfYWXCMUQLFNbI.jpg
    originalSize: h=-1 w=-1
    language: 
    hint: 
    aspect: 
    season: SeasonNumber=xx
seasonPoster S28: (N=1)
  - id: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/j4GZ2oH5PEWEyZkwuZ41OYLb30W.jpg
    originalUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/j4GZ2oH5PEWEyZkwuZ41OYLb30W.jpg
    thumbUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/j4GZ2oH5PEWEyZkwuZ41OYLb30W.jpg
    originalSize: h=-1 w=-1
    language: 
    hint: 
    aspect: 
    season: SeasonNumber=xx
seasonPoster S29: (N=1)
  - id: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/9LAihbWybQA2UCLjitES1K3xc3T.jpg
    originalUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/9LAihbWybQA2UCLjitES1K3xc3T.jpg
    thumbUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/9LAihbWybQA2UCLjitES1K3xc3T.jpg
    originalSize: h=-1 w=-1
    language: 
    hint: 
    aspect: 
    season: SeasonNumber=xx
seasonPoster S30: (N=1)
  - id: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/2uCMfNKU5jQiWV2Js519Eg4lUqQ.jpg
    originalUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/2uCMfNKU5jQiWV2Js519Eg4lUqQ.jpg
    thumbUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/2uCMfNKU5jQiWV2Js519Eg4lUqQ.jpg
    originalSize: h=-1 w=-1
    language: 
    hint: 
    aspect: 
    season: SeasonNumber=xx
seasonPoster S31: (N=1)
  - id: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/1y2zzQhnAuFpRNovNMHWlubOaxw.jpg
    originalUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/1y2zzQhnAuFpRNovNMHWlubOaxw.jpg
    thumbUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/1y2zzQhnAuFpRNovNMHWlubOaxw.jpg
    originalSize: h=-1 w=-1
    language: 
    hint: 
    aspect: 
    season: SeasonNumber=xx
seasonPoster S32: (N=1)
  - id: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/ifvEta1mmPGLu3E6lFnPSJAyBhh.jpg
    originalUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/ifvEta1mmPGLu3E6lFnPSJAyBhh.jpg
    thumbUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/ifvEta1mmPGLu3E6lFnPSJAyBhh.jpg
    originalSize: h=-1 w=-1
    language: 
    hint: 
    aspect: 
    season: SeasonNumber=xx
seasonPoster S33: (N=1)
  - id: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/sjg9DQMgZzUA0Uqfw7eL89gFXOr.jpg
    originalUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/sjg9DQMgZzUA0Uqfw7eL89gFXOr.jpg
    thumbUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/sjg9DQMgZzUA0Uqfw7eL89gFXOr.jpg
    originalSize: h=-1 w=-1
    language: 
    hint: 
    aspect: 
    season: SeasonNumber=xx
seasonPoster S34: (N=1)
  - id: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/2C6Tuxep3eLeFB1vny8FIVXFIDz.jpg
    originalUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/2C6Tuxep3eLeFB1vny8FIVXFIDz.jpg
    thumbUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/2C6Tuxep3eLeFB1vny8FIVXFIDz.jpg
    originalSize: h=-1 w=-1
    language: 
    hint: 
    aspect: 
    season: SeasonNumber=xx
seasonPoster S35: (N=1)
  - id: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/3sq5RENcLT6aDrHjGH6B2q904EJ.jpg
    originalUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/3sq5RENcLT6aDrHjGH6B2q904EJ.jpg
    thumbUrl: https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/original/3sq5RENcLT6aDrHjGH6B2q904EJ.jpg
    originalSize: h=-1 w=-1
    language: 
    hint: 
    aspect: 
    season: SeasonNumber=xx
hasTune: false
extraFanarts: (N=0)
status: Returning Series
dateAdded: <not set or invalid>
